feat(pf-search-input): create pf-search-input autocomplete (#2899)
patternfly/patternfly-elements: elements/pf-search-input/docs/pf-search-input.md

The search input uses the [Combobox Pattern](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/patterns/combobox/) recommendations from the WAI ARIA [Authoring Best Practices Guide (APG)](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg).

When the dropdown is disabled it follows [WAI ARIA focusability recommendations](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/practices/keyboard-interface/#focusabilityofdisabledcontrols) for composite widget elements, where dropdown items are still focusable even when the dropdown is disabled.

#### Toggle and typeahead input

When focus is on the toggle, the following keyboard interactions apply:

| Key                    | Function                                                                               |
| ---------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <kbd>Down Arrow</kbd>  | Opens the listbox and moves focus to the first listbox item.                           |
| <kbd>Tab</kbd>         | Moves focus out of element onto the next focusable item and closes listbox.            |
| <kbd>Shift + Tab</kbd> | Moves focus out of element onto the previous focusable item and closes listbox.        |

> #### Listbox options

Reviewer: please review this section to ensure it accurately depicts pf-search-input, which has slightly different keyboard controls to typeahead

Author: Updated the documentation.

{% renderInstallation %} {% endrenderInstallation %}

<script type="module">
import '@patternfly/elements/pf-search-input/pf-search-input.js';
</script>

{% renderOverview %}
  <pf-search-input>
    <pf-option>Blue</pf-option>
    <pf-option>Black</pf-option>
    <pf-option>Brown</pf-option>
    <pf-option>Bronze</pf-option>
    <pf-option>Green</pf-option>
    <pf-option>Magenta</pf-option>
    <pf-option>Orange</pf-option>
    <pf-option>Purple</pf-option>
    <pf-option>Periwinkle</pf-option>
    <pf-option>Pink</pf-option>
    <pf-option>Red</pf-option>
    <pf-option>Yellow</pf-option>
  </pf-search-input>
{% endrenderOverview %}

{% band header="Usage" %}

#### Search Input

{% htmlexample %}
  {% renderFile "./elements/pf-search-input/demo/pf-search-input.html" %}
{% endhtmlexample %}

#### Search Input Form
{% htmlexample %}
  {% renderFile "./elements/pf-search-input/demo/pf-search-input-with-submit.html" %}
{% endhtmlexample %}

#### Disabled
{% htmlexample %}
  {% renderFile "./elements/pf-search-input/demo/disabled.html" %}
{% endhtmlexample %}

{% endband %}

{% band header="Accessibility" %}

> The select uses the [Combobox Pattern](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/patterns/combobox/) recommendations from the WAI ARIA [Authoring Best Practices Guide (APG)](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The search input uses the [Combobox Pattern](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/patterns/combobox/) recommendations from the WAI ARIA [Authoring Best Practices Guide (APG)](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg).
```

| Key                    | Function                                                                              |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <kbd>Enter</kbd>       | Selects the options and closes the listbox.                                           |
| <kbd>Space</kbd>       | Selects the options and closes the listbox.                                           |
| <kbd>Tab</kbd>         | Moves focus out of element onto the next focusable options and closes listbox.        |
| <kbd>Shift + Tab</kbd> | Moves focus to the toggle button and closes listbox.                                  |
| <kbd>Up Arrow</kbd>    | Moves focus to the previous option, optionally wrapping from the first to the last.   |
| <kbd>Down Arrow</kbd>  | Moves focus to the next option, optionally wrapping from the last to the first.       |
| <kbd>Left Arrow</kbd>  | Moves focus to the previous option, optionally wrapping from the first to the last.   |

> | <kbd>Right Arrow</kbd> | Moves focus to the next option, optionally wrapping from the last to the first.       |

Reviewer 2: This looks like a hold over from pf-select. Consider editing this content to denote cursor placement.

Author: Updated the documentation.

| <kbd>Home</kbd>        | Moves focus to the first option in the current listbox.                               |

> | <kbd>Escape</kbd>      | Close the listbox that contains focus and return focus to the toggle button.          |

Reviewer 2: These don't appear to be implemented in this PR. They are optional on the APG guide. You can decide how you would like to handle this.
